doc: Update AWS IoT integration documentation with minor changes (#432)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/integrations/cloud-integrations/aws-iot/default/things.md

The AWS IoT Integration for {{% tts %}} uses the thing that you specified when deploying the integration. By default, the thing type is `lorawan`.

> Things are created automatically as they join the network or send an uplink message. For the name of new things, you can use their `<DevEUI>` or `<stackName>_<DeviceID>`.
> 
> {{< note >}}
> - `stackName`: the AWS CloudFormation stack name of your deployment
> - `DeviceID`: the device-id of your device
> {{</ note >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Things are created automatically as they join the network or send an uplink message. For the name of new things, you can use their `<DevEUI>` or `<stackName>_<DeviceID>`, where:

- `stackName` is the AWS CloudFormation stack name of your deployment
- `DeviceID` is your device's ID
```

The AWS IoT Integration for {{% tts %}} uses the thing that you specified when deploying the integration. By default, the thing type is `lorawan`.

> Things are created automatically as they join the network or send an uplink message. For the name of new things, you can use their `<DevEUI>` or `<stack-name>_<device-id>`.

Reviewer: you should probably add a note here about what stack name and what device id, or at least link the explanation you added in the `deployment-guide.md` file
